I will say that on Friday at 10am we will have a midpoint Ask Me Anything session. So I do understand that like once you do start reviewing this material and look up City Helpers, There will be questions that come up about the business that will help define your solutions a bit more. If you have any questions about City Helpers, The work that they're doing, we will have the midpoint session for Ask Me Anything session on Friday at 10am.

Focus on the positive aspects and focus on solutions. Don't just focus on the negative or criticizing anything. So whatever is like the positive, just focus on that. With your solutions, you want to be specific. Don't keep them very vague and abstract. So whatever is asked, if it's like a content strategy, marketing strategy, be specific about it. Be constructive with your solutions. And we recommend offering alternative solutions. So don't just have one thing that you're doing. Have a backup, which if the first one doesn't work, you can do that. For the alternative solutions, like I mentioned, we'd love a midpoint session. If you have questions about the business, join that session. Be respectful, be respectful to your teammates, be respectful to the business owners, do our team over here. Be objective about your solutions and be data-driven. So whatever you're recommending, back that up with data. See if it has worked before. Have data-driven solutions for your presentation. So for today, we now need you to find your teams. Marjorie will drop in the chat a link to a Google Doc. Within that Google Doc, there's like different columns for teams. We want you to make teams of three or four. If you make teams of four, you get more people. So I would recommend doing that. So it's easier for you to tackle everything because it's 16 hours per person. So for four students, you will get 64 hours to complete the entire task. I think there are 20 students over here. So let's do five teams of four students each. You can pick your own team. So like just in that Google Doc, if there's like team two, and you all want to be with your friends, all of you put in team two. You want to be with strangers, like put anything else. And then based off of that, we will then put you into breakout rooms. Is the link in the chat, Marjorie? Okay. Yes, it is added to the chat. Amazing. Yes. Add your names over there. We'll add you to the breakout rooms. When you're in your breakout rooms, see the things that we want you to discuss. First one, introduce yourself to the group. Just see who you are, what background everybody's from so you can assign roles accordingly. Next, very important, please set up a communication channel so you can connect with each other after this. Whether you prefer WhatsApp, message, Instagram, FaceTime, whatever it is, set that up, decide that early on. We will be sharing email addresses of your team members with you anyway later on. But we recommend setting that communication channel so you can then meet up after this and discuss your roles. Or you can even in this breakout room, just assign roles to each other and see how you want to divide this work. With that, I'm going to go check the teams that you're making right now. Sorry, Chanterelle-Perea. We did a team leader. We're going to do someone who's highlighted as the team leader. We actually did not. Thank you. Oh, okay. Do you want to let them know about that? Yes. So when you do... your names and the teams you would want one team leader. You also want to have a person who is going to be presenting on the day off. So for your final presentation that team leader is going to be presenting and sharing their slides. Next we are going to have an ask me anything session on Friday. For that the team leader or more people should join that session to ask their questions if they have any. If anybody wants to reach out to us to ask any questions or reach out to Angus outside of this session the team leader should email Angus directly or us instead of everybody communicating together at the same time. And sorry just to clarify everybody can participate in the presentation first. Your team leader just would be the person controlling your slides. We'd love to hear from all of you in the group at the presentation you should all take an opportunity to share. It looks like we've got quite a few people just in the groups. Well everybody's just kind of finishing up before we send you into breakout rooms. Does anybody have any questions about how the program's going to work? If you have them about the business now you can ask them. We might not be able to answer them but we'll do our best. But anything about how the program's going to work, the timeline, everybody does need to be present on the final presentation day. Everyone's good. Hey, why for today?