Which channels and why, right? Okay. There's a lot of noise out there. I mentioned earlier that a lot of noise out there in the various channels and we want to eliminate some of that noise and have us stand out as the one to go to. Okay. So again, it's one of the priorities would be the marketing message. Okay. Determine which city helpers, what we should actually say to potential customers. This is a new project that we're doing. Okay. There's not a whole lot of competition out there, but there is competition, right? Okay. But we're offering a service basically to seniors and homeowners at a very low rate. Okay. But it's a new product. So therefore we believe there's an education component to it, right? We have to educate the people that were available, right? That we are available and willing to help and how easy it can be, right? So I guess the problem that we want to focus on is if you have a job, you can't do yourself or you need a hand, right? You can find help or city helpers. Okay. We want it to be convenient, right? For example, a business, we're also focused on businesses in the area as well. Manufacturing businesses in Toronto, for example, it is huge. But quite often they need extra help in the warehouse or manufacturing or moving company or something. And we want to be able to provide that help very easily, rapidly, you know, make it easy for everybody, right? And affordable, right? So we're looking for a team to test different approaches, create simple Google ads, Facebook ads, business advertisements, social media posts, short-term concepts. So I guess the questions that should be answered should also be like, who is this for? What problems does it solve? Why city helpers and why not, right? And what should the customer do next? Okay. The one important, most important part of the project is a marketing campaign is not useful if it sends people to a website that they don't understand. So we want to make sure that the general public understands the website and what to do next. Okay. And as we all know now, it only takes a couple of seconds to get somebody out of interest in your project or not. And if things aren't working properly and efficiently, they're going to move on very quickly, three or four or five seconds or whatever that number is. Right. Okay. So we want people to tell us what we're doing right. Tell us what we're doing wrong. Tell us how to do better. Okay. We do anticipate that city helpers can, well, let's put it this way. Our database now in Toronto, for example, is about 1200 people and they're all vetted, right? But they all have different skill sets. So whether the consumer needs somebody to walk their dog or babysit their house or help change a thermostat, right? We've had those kinds of requests, right? Or just to change the ink on a printer, right? We do just about everything. We have a large, all our 1200 people can do different skill sets. So chances of finding somebody to change the thermostat or walk their dog or anything like that are very good. Okay. But we want to make sure we can handle any complaint that can, not complain, any, any inquiry that comes in. Okay. So we're looking for also what could prevent a customer or a visitor from becoming a customer, right? It is 9.99 prevent people from coming on board for dispatch fee. Now that's a dispatch fee too. Let me explain that for just one minute. Every time a person needs help, they pay a dispatch fee and that is only whether you need one person or whether you need 10 people. It's only a one time dispatch fee. Okay. So if you need several people to help with landscaping or moving or something, it's a one time dispatch fee. Okay. So that's one question we have to, we have to deal with, right? Okay. Make sure the customers know that that's all we're charging, right? So one of the things would be look over the website, make recommendations so we can change what we should change, what keeps people there or what turns people off, right? Why do people move on, right? And how is it going to work in either, whether it's Halifax, Toronto, or whether we scale to major cities all across Canada. Like I say, we're looking for changes that directly affect, affect the customer conversion, right? We're looking for changes that could improve the customer experience. Okay. We're looking for nice to have improvements, but maybe those can wait, right? So kind of a priority basis as well as we're looking for. I guess the most important part would be how are we building a customer acquisition model, right? Okay. At the end of the week, we'd like to see our target customer, our marketing channel, right? Our advertising message, how we get them to city helpers, how we handle it afterwards, right? How we handle a customer request, right? And how we turn that included dispatch fee into a success, right? So we can scale. We need to develop several possible customer acquisition funnels, potential audience, the advertising cost, the expected website traffic from our advertising, from our marketing, expected conversion rate, estimated dispatches, estimated customer acquisition cost. Okay, these are estimates, of course, not guaranteed, right? Okay. And we'd like to clearly define the reasoning or the assumptions behind those costs. Okay. We're not looking for huge social media calendar or, you know, what we should do in three or four or five months from now. But we're looking for just something that we can use that will not guaranteed success, but look to get us in the door, right? To consumers and how we can scale this from city to city to city, right? We choose the Toronto market because the greater Toronto area, there's more people in that area and your marketing spend for your potential ROI would be very good compared to smaller communities across Canada, right? Okay, we're looking at doing it there and then expanding into other cities across Canada, major cities, and eventually to every community because we're we are offering, we're hoping, I guess, to get this into every community across Canada and offering, you know, seniors and homeowners the help that they need. Okay. We all know nowadays that we need the social media and that is our primary focus, okay, to get social media involved and have our website as automated as possible and as easy as possible. Okay. So we're looking for how to get there, right? For a lot of information on what we do, you can go to the website, chelpers.ca. I'll share this document with you, with Meredith and Chillchair, share it at the end of this program, right? And then we'll take it from there, okay? That's about the gist of it of what I want to say. Actually, I can probably talk forever, but we'll just stop there for a minute, right? I'm not trying to do a sales job, I'm just trying to get people as good as possible. Awesome. Thanks, Angus. We will take questions if anybody has any. I know somebody had their Joshua, I think you had your hand up earlier. Do you want to ask your question? Hello. Hi, Josh. I just mentioned my personal experience in chat there. Just some snow shoveling for some older people. Their feedback was that they were not able to do that anymore. They were too old now and they kicked the can on the shoveling, so they're happy to have a younger guy to be around. Well, that's a great point, Josh, because, okay, one of the reasons I started this is because I had a stroke a couple of years ago, right? And I was unable to trim my hedge or cut my grass or do anything, right? And it was a real hard problem finding, you know, back in the day, you guys are younger, but back in my day when I was younger, we had neighborhood people that you could pay some money to. Today would come and cut your grass or shovel your snow and all that kind of stuff. But those days are pretty well gone now and they're hard to find, right? Okay, so we put together back in 2022 actually, right? The idea of, you know what, who wants to make some money? Well, there's a lot of university students and there's a lot of people with everything so bloody crazy expensive these days. You want to make a few extra bucks, right? Okay. You, Joshua, as a student, you probably want to make some money for something you want to do on a weekend. When I had a full-time job, I was still doing stuff for people because I enjoyed helping people that they would be like, "Can you do this on this day?" And I'd be like, "Working all weekend, it's still my only day off. I think I can do it." And I do it. I don't want to do it. Not much money I get, not much, but I do it because I know that I'm helping someone. No, and that's really how we started all this. We found that there's enough people, university students and that type of thing that live in the community that don't know where to go to make an extra few dollars, right? I knocked on people's doors and then I started handing up business cards and I would drive on an electric bike and go around and I had a lot of people that did repeat every year. Yeah, and that's pretty much it for you, Olivia, right? Two or three, at least two or three people. And then I still, to this day, this year, I did some work for somebody and they get some money that they have because they're disabled and they get money automatically, get a certain amount of money they have to give out to someone. That kind of work. They have to find someone. They can pay that money. They have to show evidence that they paid somebody to do work for them and they get money disbursed to them for that purpose. Yeah, exactly. In Canada, we all know everybody's getting older, right? The senior citizens are outnumbering the younger people day by day, okay? And we're looking for a lot of people who want to stay in their home, right? They need people to either do this type of thing. But we want to make sure that every senior citizen that needs help out there can get it, right? Okay, and some of them are just as simple as, you know, like I said, we had another customer call us up and they wanted somebody to change the thermostat. right? Clean up their backyard, right? Just simple things that you can't call a contractor for because A) Contractors don't want small jobs and B) Too expensive anyway, right? So yeah, that's a great idea Josh, you know, you're doing good. I connected with people on Facebook community groups. A lot of the older people are in the community. They like to have me in a community. Some places are community-based like where I was in some Hatchet Lake. My mom was down there and I biked around and there was a group, couple groups, and they all talked to the group a lot And a lot of people would contact you if you post on the group. It's a good way to market. It's one of the ideas. Okay, that's a fantastic idea. And that's exactly what we're trying to do is help seniors, innocents and homeowners And attract people like you to join up on our website. And how to connect with them is through community groups. That's how they're all together in the same place. The different communities.