Every week. I guess I'll sponsor things like that or like coffee and tea socials, things like that. Yeah, that's a cool idea. I'm sorry, go ahead. Oh, no, I was just saying smart. I live in a building apartment that is mainly composed of seniors. One thing there are two things that I see a lot is that people usually hand off some sort of door knob sign that they usually service providers hang on the doors. Usually are the people who live in the building who does that already putting more new looks or everything. So that's one thing that I see a lot. And others thing that I see is that every now and then they organize these events like you mentioned, Tyler, and they try to call some sort of lottery. So people buy chips or they are offered chips or numbers to in this kind of lottery. And if they are get on a draw, if their numbers call, they get a service for free. This is a way of people actually providing service to so people know that exists. So just an example, my neighbor on top of me, he actually details cars. So he drawn one detail in for free for the whole apartment building. And he told me last week that he's actually making a lot of money because now people know that he exists and he spends most of the time on the weekend cleaning cars. That's awesome. And I just know because it was like I was chatting with him, I can do the have 10 cars parked on the cleaning area. What is happening? And then the next one was like, OK, that's fair. Yeah, that's a great idea. I didn't even think of doing like a giveaway like that for it. That'd be an awesome idea at the like socials. Yeah, like that. What else can you lose anyone having money to just to synthesize the second idea could be something around make sure that they either sponsor events or they organize some sort of giveaway. But I think the goal behind it is just make sure that they are present in these events in a way. Right. Yeah. Just being like part of the local community. OK. Does anyone have any other take or any other perspective, something that there's a bunch of approach? That was that was my main idea, just having like the sponsored social events and doing local activities as all as like the one I was thinking of really. I mean, like for me, I think the website can be simplified quite a bit and can be made easier to use, but that's not like a direct marketing campaign like method. Can you repeat that for me? I'm going to please sorry. Like I think the website is kind of difficult to use and it should be simplified. But yeah, I don't really know any other like marketing techniques. I thought those are some good ideas already, like posting local events like the giveaways, Facebook ads and word of mouth connecting with community organizations might be good too. Like, you know, housing organizations would probably appreciate a service like this. I'll be good. Now you're smart to take it up. What is it? I'm putting the ideas on the team. So just that I make that I got everything. So we're sponsoring events, give giveaways, working with housing organizations. What was the Facebook ads? What else? There was another thing. Sorry, if we remember, we put it there. So it's sponsoring events, giveaways, Facebook ads and working with housing organizations. Yeah. I really like the housing organization things because they show social impact as well. So yeah, that's a great idea. But how do you go about collecting all that like customer data? So how do we go about collecting that customer data? Like they wanted us to collect customer information and like the customer's behavior and all of that stuff to get more insights. There's testimonials on the Halifax website. I did see that. One thing that can be done in the sponsored events and giveaways, Facebook ads is essentially web scrapping or using some sort of API to connect with the meta platform. But for the sponsor events and giveaways, as the people sign up for the event, perhaps could have something there that help us to get more information and some sort of survey or something or not a survey when they are filling the profile. We can try to get information from there. And that's what actually comes to mind right now. Perhaps we can think better after and working with housing organizations. I think that would come from the actual housing organization. Don't be more like on a business kind of user profile. Right. Because quite frankly, when I try to sign in as a business and as a consumer, one thing that they know on the website because they don't have the website, one thing that they do not have there as a user, as a client, I cannot say a lot about my preferences. And if they had something on that piece would help them to get more data and for the workers side. You actually pillow your resume there among the other stuff And the ID and everything Yeah, so it's like I think different apps, when they are adding workers, they can also add some sort of, at least some checkbox So people can point out what they actually do and then that can help them to connect with the right consumers But on the consumer side, that is the main concern that we're bringing I think it's just a way to get these preferences through the actual profile setting That's a good idea, I think that's good for section 5, talking about main things we should change about the website I'm throwing random notes in the group, okay? Yeah, I'm also like transcribing this live, so I'm gonna send you guys the transcript after Look at you go, you're awesome, thank you And don't worry, your data is not going to any AI company, it's all local on my computer Thank you for getting this course I trust you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Okay, so right now we have the two programs, the reward and partners programs Yeah, we have sponsoring events, giveaways, Facebook ads and working with housing organizations I think we can gather that by categories So the rewards and the partners programs, they are incentive programs These are incentive solutions, the sponsoring events, giveaways and working with housing organizations I think could be something related to in-person experience or outreach experience or something on the tour And Facebook ads could be like worker solution And that's not an order of importance, just throwing it out there So we can actually see the fact that in places that makes it easier to present And Facebook ads can actually be the digital advertising company that they can do And perhaps for accommodation, it could be the tone of the message, the angle that they can approach So if you're talking to seniors, perhaps a video talking about these commercials on TV Like talking about you can have more free time with your grandkids And then there's a senior in the lawn playing with the kids Why would there be somebody from City Hall? And painting the side of the house with a t-shirt and a logo, you know, something that ends, I would say So I can have like three solutions, I would say Does it make sense for everyone? It does, but will three be too many in like the short amount of time to present? Yeah, I was going to say we're out of time crunch We can't wait Well, if you think we can fit all three in, I'm fine with it I just want to make sure we have enough time to actually get through all the information we want to say I guess we can just brainstorm everything and then like I can ask them maybe if they even have the budget for sponsoring events and hosting events Because if they don't then that's automatically disqualified I feel like they could host events tying in with the community partnered organizations So I mean, we could tie that in with that part maybe Yeah, we could tie them in and call just like, I don't know, community something, community Community partnerships and sponsored events or whatever This usually we call outreach So we're going to put such a reach program And then I'm going to put on the details, sponsorship, giveaways, working with housing organizations and community organizations I love that part of community organizations and housing organizations I think it's very, very good And Facebook ads can be tailored by target Okay, perfect Resolutions, the sense of experience that this is the We've always been partnered with the program We've always been partnered with outreach program and Facebook ads tailored by group Awesome With that, do you guys feel that we are ready to move to the next stage? When you come? Just before we go to dividing the sections Luigi, do you think that would be reasonable to reach the company, is Angus's name right? To reach angles before questions today by email and maybe see if we can get an answer I don't know if they even sent me the follow up email yet Oh yeah, they did They did? Because I haven't received the email of the person Let's see, they put a presentation here and let's see if it's, I don't know, is there the same overview? I only have the email of the experienced ventures people Perhaps we can ask them if they can share the content Yeah So we can ask these questions ahead Yeah, I'll ask them, either way I will ask the questions as soon as I can Okay, perfect Do you guys feel that anything else needs to, is there anything else that you guys would like to divide now or discuss? No, I feel I've talked about everything I wanted to coming into the meeting, but... Yeah I guess like I could handle like part of the presentation could also be about simplifying the website because I'm a web developer. I could like talk about that quite a bit. Okay. So I guess you'll take section five. Yeah. Should we all try and do like section like one, two, three, four. So we all go back to back or would it be easier just to do something else? To be acting to work on the six, seven and eight, we need to make sure that we have the two ages set. So I like your idea Tyler of all of us working on one, two, four in a way that we can work in either of the three ages. And then once we have their answer about if they have budget or not, we can work on six and seven and eight. Okay. So I guess we'll all try and do that. I'd like to work on section three if you guys don't mind. Perfect. So I want to divide it up on my phone just so that like I'm organized. So I'm section one and two. And then since you just said Tyler, you do section three, wasn't it? Yeah. So you can be three and four and then we do said you'd be five. So you can be five and six. And then if you're okay with that, Eric, you can be seven and eight. Perfect. Are we all set? I believe so. Did you guys have a time when you want to meet next or I guess we'll just figure it out in the group chat. We can figure it out. Thanks to the case. I have to do some brainstorming. I will get back to you guys once I have some header notes. Maybe sometimes after the group meeting and whatnot, we reconvene. Feel free to update the slides and whatever. So we have something to proceed with maybe a visual. Yeah. Yeah. That works for me after sometime after the client meeting.